hi we're here today with the old light
murata
65 thousand lumen flashlight very
excited to see this light want to take a
minute and go over the contents and the
packaging since some folks haven't seen
it as you can see it's very sharp it's a
metal suitcase light thing with foam
inside with the light package nice and
neat here we have the cables and the
charger the light itself will go over
that in a second the battery pack which
is very compact for the amount of power
it puts out there nice little belt clip
and the shoulder strap so that is the
contents to show you the case that it
comes in little suitcase type thing go
over the light it is the black rubber
Kevlar type material little strap
holders you can see the six cree xm-l
lights with the orange peel reflectors
each their own the rubber here protects
you from the fins do get hot
battery pack just simply connects in it
does screw in so it's a secure
connection when it's made
has the nice clip power button this is
where you'd plug in the charger with a
good charge right off the charger you'll
see or go too high what's the time
you'll see the indicator light beyond
normal the handle nice and solid it's a
comfortable light it's not heavy at all
as you can tell there's not much
material in there it's the fins are in
there to create more of a surface area
for cooling the LEDs so overall you'll
turn it on with the button is right
underneath your thumb and then you hold
it to go through the modes let's see it
and if you want strobe it's a quick tap
it also memorizes the last note that you
are in so when we run low on and off
they'll stay and low if you want it in
high on off they'll go into high but
there we have it there's the polite x6
Virata 5000 lumen light curling in very
excited to have this